docs: mounting volumes, secrets and configmaps for devworkspaces (#2296)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/pages/mounting-volumes-secrets-and-configmaps.adoc

> :navtitle: Mounting Volumes, Secrets and ConfigMaps

Reviewer: I am not sure a developer is looking for documentation to mount volumes, secret and configmaps but rather:
```suggestion
:navtitle: Injecting User Credentials and Configurations
```

Reviewer 2: We need to think about this further and how we can bridge the gap between users' use cases and Kubernetes resources.

Also, I suggest avoiding the phrase `Injecting User Credentials` because it confuses me as a reader due to the fact that we already have sections about OAuth and Git Credential store Secrets.

Author: I can see the benefits of both titles but, In my latest commit, I went with `Injecting User Credentials and Configurations`. I'm happy to discuss further but I went with this because

1. Every section under directly `User Guide` has a user-perspective centric title (ex. `Selecting an IDE`, `Troubleshooting Che` etc.):
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83611742/165398395-4286206e-2cfa-4880-8b01-416fb54ef314.png)

2. I'm not sure if having `Injecting User Credentials` would cause confusion. The Git Credential store secret docs is under this new `Injecting User Credentials and Configurations` section, and Secrets are can be generally used to store user credentials and authorization-related data anyways

Reviewer: > We need to think about this further and how we can bridge the gap between users' use cases and Kubernetes resources.
> 
> Also, I suggest avoiding the phrase `Injecting User Credentials` because it confuses me as a reader due to the fact that we already have sections about OAuth and Git Credential store Secrets.

Yes, making it clear is important. And "Injecting" may not be the good term. But in today documentation this is not clear yet:

- OAuth application setup: an admin task, if it's done, users git secrets creation is automated.
- Credential secrets creation: it's a user task to avoid authentication at every workspace restart.
- Git secret creation: it's an example of credential secret creation, it can be automated with OAuth application setup.

:keywords: user-guide, configuring, user, configmaps, secrets, volumes, mounting, mount
:page-aliases: 

[id="mounting-volumes-secrets-and-configmaps_{context}"]
= Mounting Volumes, Secrets and ConfigMaps

> Users are able to mount their existing Persistent Volume Claims (PVC), Secrets and ConfigMaps into their {devworkspace} containers. 

Reviewer 2: Question 1: It's not clear to me why I need `{devworkspace}` containers as a user. Can you please explain it to me in a comment?

Question 2: Does `{devworkspace}` have any practical significance/meaning for me as a user in this specific context (or is it something that only Che developers need to know)?

Author: Question 1: The devworkspace containers would contain development tools, runtimes, etc. to help users work on their project. Typically, the user would interact with these containers quite often.

Question 2: DevWorkspace is the name of the custom resource that represents a workspace. A user should be familiar with the term.

Reviewer: I kind of agree with @max-cx : I am not sure a Che user should be familiar with `DevWorkspaces` and I think there is no introduction to `DevWorkspaces` in Che documentation.

Reviewer 2: @l0rd, I discussed it with David today.

Looking at the GUI and CLI usage, it appears that David's choice of `DevWorkspaces` is the best here.

Now I need to think more about how to present it in the text.

Author: Hello, sorry, I think I'm wrong here. In my latest commit I went with just `workspace` or `workspace containers` instead of `DevWorkspace containers` for now, to keep things simple, and to avoid explaining a new term (DevWorkspace) in this page.

Reviewer 2: @dkwon17, in my latest counterPR, I propose writing it as follows:

... the `DevWorkspace` containers [in the cluster] ...

> Users are able to mount their existing Persistent Volume Claims (PVC), Secrets and ConfigMaps into their {devworkspace} containers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users configurations and credentials can be injected into their {devworkspace} containers using Persistent Volume Claims (PVC), Secrets and ConfigMaps. 
```

Reviewer 2: I've completely rewritten this sentence in my counter-PR, so this suggestion is probably outdated.

The mounting process uses the standard {kubernetes} mounting mechanism. Mounting to the {devworkspace} containers requires additional labels and annotations applied to existing resources.

> Resources are mounted when starting a new {devworkspace} or restarting an existing one.

Reviewer 2: Same question regarding the word `determine` as above in https://github.com/eclipse-che/che-docs/pull/2296/files#r857536311.

Author: The user would create or find a secret/configmap that contains data that they would want to mount to their devworkspace containers

Reviewer 2: I will look at it again and think some more about how we can phrase this.

Author: I've changed this to `starting a new workspace` in my latest commit.
